God damn it
He's all mine.
When I get the big Xiamen
Go and wish Lord Mora to kill the temple
See the top two global powers
It's all in my bag, Yan Rulong
Just because you are right
Just by you
I really don't believe that a security guard can have
This magical sword
How about I be your master in the future?
Courting death, Da Xialong has been since his birth
I have been following the owner's southern expedition and northern battle
Already formed Lexus
Only the owner is recognized.
Anyone who unleashes poison and draws a sword will only be killed by his Blade and Soul
A little careless
Life is not guaranteed
No bones
Scare the book
Do you think it was supposed to scare the big one?
Just a sword
It's condensed.
That's it.
Hahahaha
I'm fine.
It seems that the real Dragon Emperor is me
As the owner of Moro, you and I will do it together
Hahahaha
Monk dragon go
What's going on?
Will that be all?
The owner also asks you to draw your sword
The temple has long been unfamiliar
Please return to your place ASAP and regroup.
No, you're not.
The salesperson just pulls out a trace of pathology suffering from symptoms
Not if you go again
He is the owner of the temple shop
Even if you draw the sword, there will be no problem.
Ask the owner to draw his sword
Ask the shopkeeper to draw his sword